Calm
Issue a family pursuit order
The experts recruited by the Xu family over the years
Call all
I want the whole Jiangdong to know
rare me
This is the photo
Damn Ning Fan
My Qiao family can't suffer with him
I have to go back and inform the Joes
Qinghe, I'm back.
Lin Fan, didn't I let you go out to avoid the limelight?
Why haven't you left yet?
You'd better leave quickly. I'm enough to deal with the Xu family alone
Lin Fan, you have given me a disaster for the Qiao family
Stop bragging here
Wei Wei, what are you talking about?
What's the disaster for the Qiao family?
Sister is now the eldest brother of the Xu family, Xu Aoyu
Called all the basements
Want to take revenge on our Qiao family
Xu Ziheng deserved it
Never mind who he calls today.
I can't even let him into Qiao's door
You are also worthy of the Tijos
Mingfan I tell you
Now Qiao family ancestral hall
Grandpa used to decide to throw you out of the house
From now on, you will make a clean break with my Qiao family
It doesn't matter anymore
What right do they have?
waste
The criminal wanted to kill Xu Ziheng to save me
How can our Qiao family be ungrateful?
I can only lie to you.
extraction
Anger the Xu family and cause death
That Xu Aoyu
Is coming to my Joe's house with a group of thugs
Second child, is this the Jackie Chan Huai District you recruited?